>> Shirley Wu: So
what I want to happen is I'm, so
this data set is a actual data set,
not one I made up.
>> Shirley Wu: That's I think,
if I remember correctly,
the yield of barley across the years,
>> Shirley Wu: For
certain sites across America.
I think there's six or seven different
geographic sites that grew their barley.
And then this is the data for their yield
across nine years, starting in 1927.
And so I've kind of already defined
a bunch of things for you, of like
the radius, and play with the duration of
how long you want your transition to be.
But I'm, I've also kinda given
you the xScale and yScale.
We talked briefly about scaleBand before,
but we didnt' go into details so
feel free to look at the d3 scale API to
see how scaleBand works, and let's see.
And then let's see.
The goal is to have,
I have it written down.
The x value,
the x axis is the different barley sites,
and that's why we're using scaleBand
because it's a discreet input and
you want a discreet output.
The y is the yield value for
each of those sites, and
then I want us to animate
across all the years.
So this is kind of what it will look like.
I didn't put in the margin.
So this is why it's cut off.
And it's basically, again,
using set interval, just animating across
all of the years and looping through.
And I think I animate.
Feel free to do whatever
animations you want.
But I think I animate the radius,
I think I animate the y position and
I think that might be it, but yes.
>> Shirley Wu: And then I might, and
then I think the data
set is just a whole big
csv that just has year, yield, and site.
So you're going to have to, so
this is where I call setInterval and
update,
and then I specify which
year I want to render.
And so in update, make sure to just filter
out the correct year to animate across.